OMERO 5 6 0 (#332)
ome/www.openmicroscopy.org: _posts/2020-01-15-omero-5-6-0.md

---
layout: post
title: Release of OMERO 5.6.0 with Python 3

> intro-blurb: The OME team is pleased to announce the release of Bio-Formats 6.3.1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
intro-blurb: The OME team is pleased to announce the release of OMERO 5.6.0.
```
